# Introduction

- The sysadmin approach and the accompanying development/ops split has a number of disadvantages and pitfalls. These
  fall broadly into two categories: direct costs and indirect costs.
- ```Direct costs``` are neither subtle nor ambiguous. Running a service with a team that relies on manual intervention for
  both change management and event handling becomes expensive as the service and/or traffic to the service grows,
  because the size of the team necessarily scales with the load generated by the system.
- ```The indirect costs``` of the development/ops split can be subtle, but are often more expensive to the organization
  than the direct costs.
- SRE is what happens when you ask a software engineer to design an operation team.
- SREs can be broken down into two main categories. 50%-60% are Google Software Engineers, or more precisely, people who
  have been hired via the standard procedure for Google Software Engineers. The other 40-50% are candidates who were very
  close to the Google Software Engineering qualifications(i.e., 85-99% of the skill set required), and who ```in addition```
  had a set of technical skills that is useful to SRE but is rare for most software engineers. **By far, UNIX system internals
  and networking(Layer 1 to Layer 3) expertise are the two most common types of alternative technical skills we seek.**
- One could view DevOps as a generalization of several core SRE principles to a wider range of organizations, management
  structures and personnel. One could equivalently view SRE as a specific implementation of DevOps with some 
  idiosyncratic extensions.
- An SRE team is responsible for the availability, latency, performance, efficiency, change management, monitoring, 
  emergency response and capacity planning of their service(s).
- 